Jordan Peterson -  12 rules of Life:

For this book, Jordan Peterson talks about the 12 rules of life that he finds most important and that apply to everyday life. His journey started off while answering a Quora question  where a user asked him what are his rules to life. This book is a summary of the 12 most important.

Although somewhat generalized, Jordan Peterson pinpoints a lot of important life lessons which he explains often through biblical stories. A general audience (ages 18+) would be able to read this book and take away a handful of lessons. Personally, what I've taken away the most are the disciplinary tactics implemented by Dr. Peterson and the connection between humans and the bible. I would've liked for it to be a bit longer, but there's already another book for that (12 more rules of life by Jordan Peterson).



Saifedean Ammous - The Bitcoin standard:

The Bitcoin Standard is an excellent book on the history of money (gold money and fiat/government money) and how bitcoin is able to replace the currency of today. Prior to reading this book, I did not have much knowledge on the workings of money in the economy. It helped me learn this in an easy and convenient way while analyzing the history of money through human civilisation. After reading, I have a much bigger understanding and appreciation of money and Bitcoin/Digital Currency should be the desired currency in the near future.

I suggest this book for readers who are not familiarized with economics and the history of money and who want to learn more about the workings of bitcoin.



Jerzy Kosinski - The Painted Bird

As with his book, I listen to Jordan Peterson's podcast where he once mentionned that this book had the a big impact on his life. As I am interested by WW2 history, I was quite eager to start reading.

The Painted Bird explains the fictional story of a young Jewish (gypsy) boy wandering from town to town trying to survive in Nazi Germany after its invasion of Poland in 1939. While travelling, he encounters countless people, some of which are of help to his survival while some contribute to his nightmarish journey.

Although this book opened my eyes to the horror that was the Holocaust, I found it a bit underwhelming considering this was << The most influential book I've ever read>> Jordan Peterson. However, if you are interested in fiction and in WW2 history, this is a must read for you.
