IARC:
For my third and fourth internship, I acted as a research engineer with the ACRI. My 	task assigned consisted primarly in designing a system able to control an ablation zone 	   with microwaves with the given constraints. Tests were realized on beef liver to mimic 	human organs. The goal from these tests was to study the effects of combined chemical and thermal ablation, to find the optimal conditions to control the ablation zone. With this data, we would be able to design automated impedance adapted ablation rods for     cancer tumor ablations. 
	
For this internship, I was able to further develop the skills below:
Embedded software development with Python, C# and Excel ;
Working with PySimpleGUI, OpenPyXl and Pyvisa ;
Famarialisation with dielectric properties and microwave generators ;
Documenting test results with flowcharts and test resumes.



Greenhouse IoT EOT Project:
For my End Of Term (EOT) project, our group decided to implement an IoT network in a greenhouse setting. The networking protocol utilized was that of OpenThread. We've opted to use the MQTT communication protocol between the web server and the network border router.

More information on OpenThread and Project Zephyr.
	
For this project, I was able to further develop the skills below:
Embedded software development in C ;
Utilizing SSH with Raspberry Pi's ;
Building websites with HTML, CSS and Javascript ;
Famaliralisation with Internet of Things, OpenThread, building websites and low-energy networking protocols (Bluetooth, Zigbee, etc.);



Michelin North America Inc.:
I've worked at Michelin for my second COOP internship. While there, I was assigned 5 different engineering projects. These projects had to be completed before the end of the term. While challenging, I was able to accomplish all of these projects while simutaneously acuiring the following skills.

Solving non-trivial industrial engineering problems ;
Grafcet, Ladder logic and PanelView UI programming ;
Familiarisation with ethernet and DH+ (DataHighway+) protocols and the industrial work environment ;
Managing contractors and suppliers for scopes of work.



CubeSatNB Project
My first COOP internship was realized with the CubeSatNB project. CubeSatNB was formed in partnership with UNB and UdeM (l'Université de Moncton) to send a 1U sized satellite into space. The satellite will measure data on the planet's ionosphere. For more information consult the CubeSatNB information page.

For the intnership, I was asked to participate in the software development of the communication software, where the satellite would communicate with the ground station. As limited as this internship was, I was introduced to C programming as well as git and linux Ubuntu OS.



AEC (Atlantic Engineering Competition)
The AEC is a student engineering competition hosted in one of the multiple universities located in Atlantic Canada. This year, the AEC was hosted at l'UdeM where the competition was, unfortunatly, hosted virtually.

I acted as programming director for the competition. I was asked to invent a programming question with the help of Bell (competition sponsor) to be solved using engineering and programming skills. More information on the general and programming competition can be found on my Github's AEC repository.



Faculty of Engineering Student Council
This year, I've been actively a member of l'UdeM's student engineering council. While at meetings we would discuss and debate on the student council's constitution, student activities as well as other commitee updates.

Also, in the month of March, I was involved in the banquet commitee where I helped with planning the event and settling the banquet budget with professors and other team members.



Dynamium
To further my skills in embedded software development, I will be working alongside a faculty professor on his project called Dynamium. Dynamium is a formed from a team of professors looking to optimise a robotic arms' path using dynamic mechanical models. For this project, I will be working on developing low-level commands on the robot's arm.

Dynamium's website
